supports options for bulk uploads and migrations.
Insert data in the Astra Portal
Insert data programmatically
Migrate or insert large amounts of data
Permissions required to insert data
To insert data into an Astra DB Serverless database, you must be able to read and write to the target database, keyspace, and collection or table.
To insert data in the Astra Portal, a valid role, such as the Database Administrator role, must be assigned directly to you.
To insert data with the Data API, you need an application token with a valid role.
To insert data with the standalone CQL shell or a driver, use your database’s Secure Connect Bundle (SCB) for authentication and authorization.
Content requirements for CSV and JSON files
If you insert data from a CSV or JSON file, the data must be compatible with Astra DB and, if applicable, the table schema.
For example, if you insert a CSV file into a table, the CSV file must contain the same column names and data types as the table.
If you insert a JSON file exported from a database that isn’t based on Apache Cassandra®, you might need to transform the data into a format that is compatible with Astra DB before you insert the data. For more information, see Migrate from non-Cassandra sources.
Additionally, if your CSV or JSON file is larger than 40 MB, see Migrate or insert large amounts of data.
See also
Ways to find data in Astra DB Serverless
Connect to a database
Manage roles and permissions
Was this helpful?

thumb_up
Yes

thumb_down
No
© 2025 DataStax | Privacy policy | Terms of use
Apache, Apache Cassandra, Cassandra, Apache Tomcat, Tomcat, Apache Lucene, Apache Solr, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, Apache Pulsar, Pulsar, Apache Spark, Spark, Apache TinkerPop, TinkerPop, Apache Kafka and Kafka are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation or its subsidiaries in Canada, the United States and/or other countries. Kubernetes is the registered trademark of the Linux Foundation.
General Inquiries: +1 (650) 389-6000, info@datastax.com
Astra DB Serverless

GET STARTED
expand_more
 
TUTORIALS
expand_more
 
DATABASES
expand_more
Create a database
Regions and maintenance schedules
Deploy to multiple regions
Connect to a database
Manage keyspaces
